after 200 km by finger we reached
pacman where we find the only hotel
of the town and now let's see how it is
our luxury room that we
they gave for about 7 dollars we are going to give it
inside we're going to spend a night
bárbara here
Here is the bed
nothing more
we see the pillows that do not have
cover and be a little dirty but
good that he is going to do
some spider webs out there too
let's see the bathroom a luxury up
we have private bathroom
there is a bit of the room we entered the bathroom
the latrine as always
there is
look has to hang the towel
the fighter
there is fallen
drinking water
they do not know, it 's half complicated
but we have a little bucket way
pretty rotten half putrefied the
water so judge us to wash us the
teeth another day it seems logical to me that
be good we can not wash
but good is what is the only one since
the town so you had to stay
something had to be done not the decoration of
the pretty rustic pieces also
dirty half
seven dollars charge us for this one
this piece good but we got to 200
kilometer
so there's no problem we're staying
same
let's sleep now
bye Bye